Fix configreport and logging (#581)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/troubleshooting/providing_logs_and_config_files.adoc

:toc: right
:page-aliases: configuration/server/logging/providing_logs_and_config_files.adoc

> :description: Generating configreports and prepare log files are essential to support identifying the cause of a problem. Here are instructions for how to collect them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Generating configreports and preparing log files are essential to support identifying the cause of a problem. Here are instructions for how to collect them.
```

Or "providing logfiles"?

== Introduction

{description}

When you report a problem to {oc-support-url}[ownCloud Support] or our {oc-central-url}/latest[Forum (ownCloud Central)] you will be asked to provide certain log files or configurations for our engineers or other supporting staff. This information is necessary in better understanding your issue, your specific configuration, and for further support.

== Generate a Config Report

> You can use the webUI or the command line to generate a config report. The webUI includes the web server environment, while the command line generated one doesn't as it can't access it. Therefore, if possible, always generate it through the webUI. The configreport app is always part of bundled apps, but it may needs to be enabled before it can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the webUI or the command line to generate a config report. The webUI includes the web server environment, while the command line generated one doesn't as it can't access it. Therefore, if possible, always generate it through the webUI. The configreport app is always part of bundled apps, but it may need to be enabled before it can be used.
```

=== Generate via Command Line

If the log file is too big, you will need to transfer it from the command line. The location of the log file can be found in your config.php. By default it is in your data directory. Note that you may need to compress the logfile before uploading:

[source,php]
----
'datadirectory' => '/var/www/owncloud/data',
----

When not using the default location for the logfile, it can be specified via:

[source,php]
----
'logfile' => '<your-path>/owncloud.log',
----

== LDAP Config

> Assuming that LDAP is used, viewing the LDAP configuration is important when checking for errors between your ownCloud instance and your LDAP server. To get the output file, execute this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If LDAP is used, viewing the LDAP configuration is important when checking for errors between your ownCloud instance and your LDAP server. To get the output file, execute this command:
```
